recovery to go well against the
competition
come on after Mandy right now each gene
let's go with your opponent is a
seven-seat he is a very very tough out
in tennis talk about how difficult it is
to play David in any occasion but how
was tonight well how many I mean he's
not enough believable athlete he's an
unbelievable competitor he works so hard
he's in great shape and you know i was
expecting an unbelievably tough match
and I got it so you know it's obviously
correct correct that I managed to come
through that he's such a tough presence
of Logan in the first look like you came
out and he was matching you shot for
shot how did he feel on your side were
you playing the strategy that you wanted
to he came out no not really the
conditions were very different in the
evening to during the day going last
message here today and he was dictating
all of the points to start second
suicide to got my shots a bit more and i
paid off but as I mean it's tough grand
slam semi-final it was going to be
similar to start Bonacci once but in
case that well in the second set you
were down a pretty critical point yet
step point against you and five for
serving what were your thoughts at that
moment you're probably not going to
believe this i actually thought it was
four and three I don't actually I don't
know himself vampire called called five
all and i'm on the game I didn't realize
so that probably helped me
laundry
I'm a little stunned it's kind of a big
moment have you ever had a situation
like that where you've lost track of the
score it happens occasionally but not in
a match like this you know yeah the nose
so focused been a rat tough I wasn't
thinking that much and yeah I probably
helped me out a little bit but it
doesn't happen again well don't think
I'm sure we all hope doesn't happen
again you ran for shut up near the net
you reached for look like your back quad
was there a physical issue that you had
to deal with in as much I think everyone
has problems at this stage of the term
with I think both of us that a lot of
running tonight it was a pretty physical
match so my body was feeling a bit
towards the end managed to come through
and I'm gonna go jump in the nice bath
try and try and recover properly it
seemed to me that in the end of that
second step you change your tactics and
you really got aggressive was that
something that was instinctive or is it
something that you thought I need to do
something different here to get control
of this match yeah I mean I change
bracket tension just before the end of
the second set and felt like I was able
to hit through the bottle that that I
came through came again and a lot
finished a lot of blank square coaches
from the batch he's all he's like a
brick wall ovens for said I'm sorry
everyone point by point but I was
excited this is a great match there was
a lot of twisting services you're up to
Libya together to run the match and then
it got complicated what happened at that
stage well he also driven a little bad
thing sit towards the end of the third
set and then I was hitting the ball a
lot cleaner you know he started to play
better my level drops
which happens over corsa five-set
matches but I managed to find that
garlic the end of us on the media okay
so let's move forward now you're at to
your third major final congratulations
second string
the experience that you now have these
this won't be a new situation for you
playing in the final what can that
experience do for you in this match on
Sunday night well president personally
I'm fine i play against uh a feather I
don't know what was going on it happens
so quick it one ya lose track of the
score i just won by really really quick
you know i think last year was better
than one before i hope this one's gonna
be better than last year's but you know
it's very top margin of us what about
tone well it's different because your
first to have been against Roger now
it's against someone's a little bit
closer in age to you if you take any
comfort from them a little bit i mean i
think experience-wise were similar you
obviously one here are quite a few years
ago I'm you know we're good friends we
perhaps a lot together we traded along
paths actually getting ready here we
practice four or five times and then
when we go here we pass a couple cents
there won't be any secrets with their
games but it's going to be a personal
match I think well we hope it'll be
across that should be a lot of fun
you've got great support in the crowd
but I'm wondering if your girlfriend is
going to make it over
I think should stay home and watch on TV
but my dress is welcome back on
everyone's been getting in touch before
the matches it makes a big difference
and obviously here great atmosphere and
a nice i hope everyone comes like this
is one of the coldest nights of a very
cool australian open there's a weather
change coming sunday nights supposed to
be quite warm as that the 3d like that i
change the conditions a bit ball
Minister there a little bit quicker you
know physically you know Novak are both
in pretty good shape but yeah I don't
know I like playing quite conditions of
course slow but the ball goes through
there a lot quicker 11 swarms looking
for it well we're looking forward to as
well good luck we'll see you Sunday
night anymore
two grand slam finals tomorrow night
from 630 it's women's final time at the
art room china's li da hook first grand
slam final against Kim classes chasing
her fourth major but I think it's a good
matter when I think the third-biggest
file then sunday again til 630 it
something turn to rumble